What am I here?
Where is this place?
Could this be.....AVABEL Online's world?
So this is where I am now!
But...Why am I here?
This Light is showing me the direction
Wait...There is something behind me..
It's kinda big in size too..Scary
Marisa, listen to me...listen to me..hey~hey~listen to me
Jessica...listen..Jessica Jessica
Not Good! It's huge
It's huge..It's huge..It's huge
EH? I have to fight this thing?
No, it hurts..it hurts...it hurts...it hurts...
Don't come at me...Don't come at me...
IT HURTS!!!!!
it hurts....it hurts....it hurts.... it hurts....
Stop..stop..AH AH AH AH
OHHHHHHHHH
Amazing...amazing...amazing...
eh?
is this.... a temple?
a short play
an air chair
*Silence*
Yes...I've done goofed...
Yes..I've done goofed...Yeah..
Round of applause everyone.. yareyare
What a tough world to live in...
HENSHIN! (transform)
why are people still make out in an online game..
Scumbags...Eat this..
Scumbags..
like this...
Well...this is probably some kind of bullshit
they don't even move a little
you scumbags...
Like this..Eat this
I missed it...
If everyone comes to this world..
you can speak with me directly!
There is no barrier of countries here
so..If you are willing to
Please come to this world and I'll be waiting!
Cya! This is Virtual YouTuber!
Kizuna Ai !
See you again~